N°1 DE CHANEL REVITALIZING FOUNDATION
ILLUMINATES - HYDRATES - PROTECTS

aluation after 1 month of use, 45 women in a polluted environment.
(3) Self-assessment completed immediately after use, 45 women.
(4) Clinical evaluation immediately after use, 45 women in a polluted environment.

Enriched with red camellia oil and moisturising agents, the N°1 DE CHANEL foundation contains 94% naturally derived ingredients(1).
20 buildable shades available.

(1) Proportion of natural ingredients and derivatives calculated according to ISO 16128.

benefits
Enriched with red camellia oil and moisturising agents, the N°1 DE CHANEL revitalising foundation protects skin from environmental aggressors and creates an even complexion. Immediately after application, the complexion appears more radiant (+33%(1)) and comfort is restored to the skin (+55%(2)). After one month, skin looks smoother (+8%(3)).

The product's texture blends seamlessly with the skin, offering a luminous finish and buildable coverage. Skin has a youthful glow.
(1) Clinical evaluation immediately after use, 20 women.
(2) Self-assessment immediately after use, 35 women.
(3) Clinical evaluation after one month of use, 39 women.

active ingredients
The camellia is showcased in all its forms at the heart of N°1 DE CHANEL, the new anti-aging beauty line.
- Red camellia oil delivers comfort to the skin and helps maintain its protective barrier function.

N°1 DE CHANEL is a beauty line that seeks to minimise its environmental impact with formulas that contain up to 97% naturally derived ingredients(1) and 76% camellia-derived ingredients. They have been tested on all skin types, even sensitive skin. All packaging has been designed with sustainability in mind.

(1) Proportion of natural ingredients and derivatives calculated according to ISO 16128.

how to use
Before applying the foundation, prep skin with the N°1 DE CHANEL serum followed by the cream. No wait time is needed between products.
Dispense a few drops of foundation onto the back of your hand. Then, working from the center of the face outwards, tap it onto the T-zone, nose, and chin with your fingertips.
For a sophisticated look, pick up the foundation with the TOUCH-UP FACE BRUSH N°104 and apply it from the center of the face outwards. To finish applying, gently pat the product into the skin.