N°1 DE CHANEL SKIN ENHANCER
BOOSTS SKIN’S RADIANCE - EVENS - PERFECTS

rmula provides hydration throughout the day. Skin appears naturally more beautiful and radiates a youthful glow.
The skin enhancer boosts radiance by 67%(1) immediately after application and refines pores by 53%(1).
After one month of use, imperfections appear 6%(2) reduced, the complexion is more even, and skin looks 5%(2) more radiant.

The skin enhancer amplifies the effects of the N°1 DE CHANEL red camellia revitalising foundation when used as a primer, improving radiance and leaving skin with a smooth appearance.

(1) Clinical evaluation immediately after use, 31 women.
(2) Clinical evaluation after one month of use, 33 women.

active ingredients
The camellia is showcased in several forms at the heart of N°1 DE CHANEL, the new anti-aging beauty line.
- Red camellia extract helps protect skin against external aggressors and restores the complexion's natural radiance(1), day after day.
- Red camellia oil helps maintain the skin's protective barrier function.
- A complex composed of natural waxes delivers softness and comfort, and hyaluronic acid enhances hydration.


N°1 DE CHANEL is an environmentally conscious beauty line. Housed in eco-designed packaging for an optimized carbon footprint, formulas contain up to 97% naturally derived ingredients(2) and up to 76% camellia-derived ingredients. They have been tested on all skin types, even sensitive skin.

(1) In vitro test measuring a specific expression marker, both in untreated cells and cells treated with red camellia extract.
(2)Proportion of natural ingredients and derivates calculated according to ISO 16128.

how to use
Before you apply the skin enhancer, prepare your skin with the N°1 DE CHANEL skincare routine. Using your fingertips, apply the product to the T-zone, nose and chin and pat it into the skin, starting at the centre of the face and moving outwards.

For a more sophisticated finish, pick up and apply the skin enhancer with the TOUCH-UP FACE BRUSH N°104, working from the centre of the face outwards.
Finish by gently patting the product into the skin.

Use this product as a primer before applying the N°1 DE CHANEL red camellia revitalizing foundation, or wear it on its own for an instant boost of radiance.