N°1 DE CHANEL REVITALIZING CREAM
SMOOTHS - PLUMPS - PROVIDES COMFORT

 month of use, 45 women in a polluted environment.
 (3) Self-assessment completed immediately after use, 45 women.
 (4) Clinical evaluation immediately after use, 45 women in a polluted environment.

Concentrated with red camellia extract and red camellia oil, the N°1 DE CHANEL cream contains 95% naturally derived ingredients (1) and 70% camellia-derived ingredients. This velvety cream visibly smooths wrinkles and leaves the skin soft and radiant. It protects against external aggressors, for skin that radiates a youthful glow.
The serum and cream work in perfect synergy; the skin feels protected from external aggressors (+66%(2)) and pollution (+87%(2)). With continued use, it looks more beautiful (+49%(3)).

(1)Proportion of natural ingredients and derivatives calculated according to ISO 16128.
(1) Self-assessment completed immediately after use by 100 women.
(2) Self-assessment completed immediately after use by 81 women.

benefits
Concentrated with red camellia extract, an active ingredient that boosts cellular vitality, and red camellia oil, the anti-wrinkle cream protects skin from urban stressors. Visibly smoother and more comfortable, the skin glows with youthful radiance.

Immediately after application, the skin feels more comfortable (+44%(1)), and the complexion is more radiant (+21%(2)).
After one month, wrinkles appear diminished (-23%(3)), pores are less visible (-21%(3)), and the skin's elasticity is restored (+9%(3)).

(1) Self-assessment completed immediately after use by 33 women.
(2) Clinical evaluation conducted immediately after use on 33 women.
(3) Clinical evaluation conducted after one month of use on 32 women.

active ingredients
The camellia is showcased in all its forms at the heart of N°1 DE CHANEL, the new anti-aging skincare line.
-Red camellia extract supports the skin's vitality. It protects against oxidation in the skin caused by urban pollution, for an anti-aging effect that prevents and corrects the appearance of the 5 signs of aging.
- Red camellia oil delivers comfort to the skin and helps maintain its protective barrier function.
- Camellia water leaves the skin feeling fresh.

N°1 DE CHANEL is a beauty line that seeks to minimise its environmental impact with formulas that contain up to 97% naturally derived ingredients (1) and 76% camellia-derived ingredients. They have been tested on all skin types, even sensitive skin. All packaging has been designed with sustainability in mind.


(1) Proportion of natural ingredients and derivatives calculated according to ISO 16128.

how to use
To maintain the skin's youthful glow for longer, apply the N°1 DE CHANEL revitalising cream to the face, neck and décolleté every morning and evening by dabbing it on with your fingertips.

Using the palms of your hands, smooth from the jawline up to the ears, from the sides of the nose to the ears, from the centre of the forehead to the temples and, finally, from the ears down to the décolleté. The skin is left ready for the other N°1 CHANEL products, including the foundation and the lip and cheek balm.