N°1 DE CHANEL REVITALIZING SERUM
SMOOTHS AND PROVIDES RADIANCE, FOR YOUNGER-LOOKING SKIN.~

N°1 of the skin aging process, leaving it with a youthful glow.

It prevents and corrects the appearance of the 5 signs of aging. Immediately after application, pores are 11%(1) less visible and skin's comfort increases by 43%(2).
After one month, wrinkles appear diminished by 24%(3), the skin's elasticity is improved by 17%(3), and the complexion looks 17%(3) more radiant.

The N°1 DE CHANEL serum becomes even more effective over time: Pores appear diminished by 25%(6) and skin feels 77%(7) more comfortable.
Wrinkles appear reduced by 24%(6), the skin's elasticity is improved by 77%(6), and the complexion looks 87%(6) more radiant.


(1) Clinical evaluation immediately after use, 32 women.
(2) Self-assessment immediately after use, 32 women.
(3) Clinical evaluation after one month of use, 29 women.
(4) Statistical calculation using clinical evaluation parameters: under-eye wrinkle visibility, radiance, appearance of pores, elasticity, and plump appearance of skin.
(5) 100 ml bottle.
(6) Clinical evaluation after 6 months of use, 43 women.
(7) Self-assessment after 6 months of use, 43 women.

active ingredients
The camellia is showcased in all its forms at the heart of N°1 DE CHANEL, the new anti-aging beauty line.
CHANEL Research has harnessed the power of the red camellia, which targets stage N°1 of the skin aging process.
- Camellia water leaves the skin feeling fresh.
- Camellia yeast extract preserves the skin's barrier function for enhanced protection and hydration.

N°1 DE CHANEL is an environmentally conscious beauty line. Housed in eco-designed packaging formulas contain up to 97% naturally derived ingredients(2) and 76% camellia-derived ingredients. They have been tested on all skin types, even sensitive skin.



(1)Proportion of natural ingredients and derivatives calculated according to ISO 16128

how to use
CHANEL has developed LE GESTE REVITALISANT N°1 DE CHANEL, a specific application method designed to improve the effectiveness of the serum.

Turn the cap of the face serum counter-clockwise and dispense the perfect amount of product with the auto-fill dropper.
Smooth the product over the entire face and décolleté.
Then, use your thumbs and index fingers to perform "pinch and twist" movements from the jaw up to the ears, then from the corners of the mouth to the ears and from the sides of the nose to the ears. Repeat these pinching movements on the décolleté.
Follow with the N°1 DE CHANEL cream in the morning and evening.