N°1 DE CHANEL LIP AND CHEEK BALM
ENHANCES COLOUR - NOURISHES - PLUMPS

description
The red camellia is a flower unlike any other and the key ingredient in N°1 DE CHANEL. A flower with revitalising powers, whose extraordinary energy gives it perennial youth.
CHANEL Research has harnessed its exceptional properties to create a new generation of products, including skincare, makeup and a fragrance mist.
At the core of the N°1 DE CHANEL beauty line, red camellia extract targets stage N°1 of the skin aging process, working to prevent and correct the appearance of the 5 signs of aging.

Enriched with red camellia oil, the multi-use N°1 DE CHANEL lip and cheek balm offers concentrated hydration and comfort. Its formula contains 86% naturally derived ingredients(1). Smooth and nourishing, it melts onto the skin, plumps the lips and cheeks, and adds a touch of colour.

(1) Proportion of natural ingredients and derivatives calculated according to ISO 16128.

benefits
Enriched with red camellia oil, this buttery lip balm delivers softness and comfort. For naturally supple, beautiful lips, day after day.

Immediately after application, comfort is restored (+57%(1)). After one month, the lips feel suppler (+11%(2)).
(1) Self-assessment completed immediately after use by 36 women.
(2) Self-assessment completed after one month of use by 37 women.

active ingredients
The camellia is showcased in all its forms at the heart of N°1 DE CHANEL, the new anti-aging skincare line.

- Red camellia oil delivers comfort to the skin and helps maintain its protective barrier function.

N°1 DE CHANEL is a beauty line that seeks to minimise its environmental impact with formulas that contain up to 97% naturally derived ingredients(1) and 76% camellia-derived ingredients. They have been tested on all skin types, even sensitive skin. All packaging has been designed with sustainability in mind.

(1) Proportion of natural ingredients and derivatives calculated according to ISO 16128.
(2) In vitro test measuring a specific expression marker, both in untreated cells and cells treated with red camellia extract.

how to use
LIP APPLICATION
With the fingertips:
Apply product by either dabbing or pressing it onto the lips or by spreading it across the lips.
With a brush:
For more precision, apply with the flat end of the Retractable Dual-Ended Concealer Brush N°105.

CHEEK APPLICATION
With the fingertips:
Add product to your fingertips and apply it to the cheeks. Tap to blend.
With a brush:
For more precision, use the Retractable Dual-Ended Concealer Brush N°105. Coat the round end of the brush with product and apply to the centre of your cheek, then tap to blend using the same brush end.